here we have our rack of deer, rib cap has
been removed next step is to remove the
silver skin it's very similar to removing
silver skin from a tenderloin or removing
skin from a fish so starting
with a manageable size
this is very expensive very tender meat
your knife tip is just underneath holding on
maybe scraping away a little bit of the fat
if it's there so you can access the chewy
silver skin that will not break down
so getting a little piece here my knife is
going up I'm tilting the edge of my knife upward
seesaw motion down the rack
like so as you can see when I flip this
over I there is some trim that I can utilize
and it doesn't look like much
with one piece of silver skin
but if you're doing many
then this certainly adds up
so this is very tender, this would be very tender
so again tip of the knife under
slightly upward and continuing to
remove the silver skin off the deer rack